every one quarter from quarter reviews
here to do a quick unboxing of the pain
and gain
looks like it's a a target exclusive the
target exclusive says it's up to $10 off
future purchases paramount select titles
on DVD or blu-ray but this is the
blu-ray DVD digital copy combo pack and
I wasn't sure if I was actually gonna
pick this up today but it was on sale
for $17.99 you know I thought if it was
gonna be like you know $20 or over I
probably wasn't gonna pick it up but
since I was a little less than 20 I
decided to go ahead and pick me up a
copy of pain and gain I personally
really enjoyed this movie in theaters
I'm not sure how well it'll hold up but
I'm excited to give it another watch and
you know I'm sure it's gonna look great
on blu-ray so that's the front I wish
they would have stuck with the the
poster artwork I don't know why they
went ahead and did this kind of
Photoshop artwork for the blu-ray but
anyways that's the front you get a spine
with the rock and I spine with Mark
Wahlberg turn to the back
that's what I wish they would have put
on the front bag you get some shots of
the film ultraviolet into the copy in
this set does not have any special
features I'm not sure why it doesn't
have any special features considering
it's a you know it's a Michael Bay film
and if you go back and look at you know
a lot of Michael Bay movies online DVD
or blu-ray they have tons of special
features especially the Transformers and
like the bad boys too and stuff like
those movies just have crapola special
features but this has nothing at all
it's just a movie only again not too
sure maybe they'll release it was like
it maybe in like an extended cut or
something maybe Michael Bay has
something up his sleeve I don't know but
this does have a 7.1 DTS HD master audio
track of course it's in 1080p High
Definition and we'll go ahead and take
off the shrink up and show you all
what's inside alright so I went ahead
and put the slipcover to the side and
just and I don't think I said but the
slipcover does not have any embossing
it's just a plain cardboard kind glossy
slipcover but no embossing on that slope
and then with the actual keep case it
does have like a little you know here
says look inside for big savings so I
guess
this is the exclusive part of it right
here says plan and save and looks like
you get some coupons for pretty much
everything I already have but I might be
able to use this rubber Zee coupon for
the target exclusive that's coming out I
already have a few other editions on
pre-order for Star Trek so I don't need
that one but here's some another one for
GI Joe Thompson gretel-ann Jack Reacher
which I already have but if I don't end
up using these coupons and I may just
give them away but so that is the I
guess the exclusive part of it and then
actual blu-ray itself it's the same all
the way around again special features
open this up it looks like you get an
advertisement for advertisement and five
dollars off for the you know Mark
Wahlberg looks like kind of like
performance workout nutrition
nutritional stuff and like protein
shakes and all that stuff that that he
has going on right now so there's that
and you know different things that you
could buy through his company marked
it's called and then there's a $10 off
Ticketmaster which I don't need so if
anybody can get that code it's all yours
I know it doesn't autofocus but so
whoever wants that can have it and then
you get the digital copy code put that
to the side and you get a little picture
of the film that you put kind right here
which I like I like that paramount does
that and then you just get your blu-ray
and DVD disc again you know no artwork
anything from paramount and look like it
is a recycle case yeah that's what the
inside looks like that's all you get
with this release so there you go guys
that is the target exclusive of pain and
gain on blu-ray recently released today
if you guys are wanting it for a good
price definitely go to Target they have
it for $17.99 and you get the coupon
booklet right here hey guys let me know
your thoughts of the film and if you
ended up picking up this release today
so I hope you all enjoy this unboxing
and until next time cord from quarter
review
see y'all later